feat(payments): document redirectBefore/AfterOrder workflows (#490)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/advanced/payments/payment-workflows-specificities.mdx

handling the complete payment workflow on their side.

Front-Commerce will only redirect to the payment provider and ensure the order
creation afterwards.

### Server changes

1. Register the payment method payment processor with
   `registerRedirectBeforeOrderPaymentMethod` module’s
   [`contextEnhancer`](/docs/reference/graphql-module-definition#contextenhancer-optional)

Replace the module's contextEnhancer with the following

```js
import { getCurrentShopConfig } from "server/core/config/getShopConfig";

export default {
  namespace: "Payments/PWAy",
  dependencies: ["Magento2/Checkout", "Front-Commerce/Payment"],
  contextEnhancer: ({ loaders }) => {
    const shopConfig = getCurrentShopConfig(req.config);
    const METHOD_CODE = "pway_awesomecheckout";
    const METHOD_TITLE = "PWAy";

    // [...] initialization here
    const loader = new MyPaymentLoader(shopConfig, METHOD_CODE, ...);

    loaders.Payment.registerRedirectBeforeOrderPaymentMethod(
      METHOD_CODE,
      METHOD_TITLE,
      loader,
    );

    return {}; // you may export loaders here in case the payment provides custom Queries (to fetch a payment token for instance)
  },
};
```

> 2. Implement the three **required** methods in the loader

Reviewer: same remark as in the previous MR, please properly a numbered list in markdown

```js
export default class MyPaymentLoader {
  constructor(shopConfig, methodCode, ...) {
    ...

    this.callbackUrl = `${shopConfig.url}/checkout/payment/${methodCode}`;
  }

>   mapCartPaymentToRedirect({ paymentData /* TODO ? */, cart }) {

Reviewer: TODO ?

>     // reminder : the callbackUrl to FC is calculated in this.callbackUrl (defined in the constructor)

Reviewer: I don't understand this comment. `this.callbackUrl` is not used anywhere. Is it supposed to be used in `value` below ?

   * @property {boolean} success :  the capture succeed
   * @property {boolean} cancel : the capture was canceled
   * NOTE : if both success and cancel are false, the capture is considered failed (throwing an error will lead to the same event)
   */
  /**
   * proceed to the payment capture in the payment provider
   * NOTE: this stage follows the order creation in Magento, you should provide the orderId to the payment provider for the transaction to be easily found by the merchant
   * @param {any} additionalData : callbackUrl query's additionalData parameter -> "https://callbackUrl?additionalData=..."
   * @param {*} orderId : magento order Id
   * @param {{ currency:string, totalInclTax: number }} paymentDetails : the currency and value of the order (please ensure the payment has the same value and currency to prevent cart hijack)
   * @returns {PaymentCaptured} the captured payment status
   */
  async capturePayment(additionalData, orderId, paymentDetails) {
    return {
      transactionId,
      success: true,
      cancel: true,
    };
  }
}
```

### Theme changes

> :::warning
> 
> No AdditionalDataComponent is required for this implementation as there is no
> frontend component displayed by Front-Commerce
> 
> :::
> 
> 1. Reference the payment workflow
> 
> Override `src/web/theme/pages/Checkout/checkoutFlowOf.js` to indicate the use of
> `redirectBeforeOrder`

Reviewer: that's not really a warning.

```suggestion
No AdditionalDataComponent is required for this implementation as there is no
frontend component displayed by Front-Commerce, so you just need to override
`src/web/theme/pages/Checkout/checkoutFlowOf.js` to indicate the use of
`redirectBeforeOrder`
```
